[ILULU giggling]
[DRAGON 202A]
Ilulu...
--Ilulu.
--[ILULU] Uh?
[DRAGON 202A] Were you playing
with those humans again?
[ILULU] Mm-hmm! I love humans
very much! They're so nice!
[DRAGON 202A]
I see. Then perhaps it is time
we consider coexisting
with these mortal beings.
--[ILULU] Mm!
--[DRAGON 202B] Bad news!
The humans are attacking
the dragon village!
[DRAGON 202C] This always
happens when we choose
to stay silent.
[DRAGON 202C]
Damn humans! They will pay!
[ILULU]
Where's Mommy and Daddy?
[DRAGON 202B]
I'm sorry, my dear.
[ILULU] Does this mean I can't
play with the humans anymore?
[DRAGON 202B]
Of course it does!
Those humans are the ones who
took your parents away from you!
[DRAGON 202C]
They will forever be our enemy!
We will never come
to an understanding!
Ah, good. Everyone's asleep.
[KOBAYASHI] Seeing one of those
up close for the first time
is traumatic enough
without it being mine.
--[door latch clicks]
--Ah!
Hey, there you are,
Miss Kobayashi. Welcome home!
[giggles] Will you please
let me know next time
you're going to be late?
Oh. Yeah. I'm sorry.
Your face is flushed and sweaty.
Are you feeling okay?
Huh?!
[TOHRU] Mm. Maybe you're
catching a cold?
[KOBAYASHI]
Wah! Don't touch me! I'm fine!
[TOHRU]
Uh?
[KOBAYASHI] What the hell?!
Why do I start to sweat
and almost pass out
whenever I look at her?
Is it lust? Am I lusting now?!
After Tohru?!
Go put your clothes on, please!
[TOHRU]
Okay?
[ILULU chuckles]
Kobayashi...
You can't hide anymore
now that you're a man.
You'll show everyone
your true colors in no time!
But I get to see first!
Show me how shallow humans are!
[KOBAYASHI] That's totally
what this is about.
I bet Ilulu turned me into
a dude so that I would
unwittingly display
the worst of humanity.
I just hope it's over soon.
[KOBAYASHI] Although,
I have no idea what she's trying
to get out of me.
I definitely need
to keep a clear head.
As a dude. Hmm.
[alarm ringing]
[KOBAYASHI groans]
[KOBAYASHI]
Hey! What are you doing here?!
I'm snuggling. Good morning.
But why?
I was worried you'd
be cold this morning.
Whoa-kay! I'm warm!
I'm warm and awake!
Time to start the day.
[KANNA]
Hmm?
[KOBAYASHI] I have no idea
how this thing works
or when it might activate.
Which is why I'll need to keep
my distance from the others.
I wonder if this is
something Tohru could fix.
What?! Miss Kobayashi's a man?!
What are we waiting for?!
Let's work on
preserving our species!
[KOBAYASHI]
Maybe I'll wait.
[MAN] Okay, it's time to ride
the canoe to adventure!
[KOBAYASHI]
What are you watching, Kanna?
[KANNA]
It's called "Clinky Clang."
[MAN]
Is everybody ready?
--Let's... go!
--[KIDS] Go!
--[KANNA, TOHRU] Go!
--Uh...
Now, let's get paddling!
[KOBAYASHI whimpering]
Oh no! There's a
waterfall up ahead!
[KIDS laughing]
[TOHRU squeals, giggles]
[KOBAYASHI] Total disregard
for personal space
is normal between
female friends!
It's what we do!
I can handle it.
I will not allow this penis
to define my instincts!
[TOHRU]
Save me!
[KOBAYASHI grunts]
Do not hug me for no reason!
Kobayashi!
[KOBAYASHI]
Get up! Please get up!
[TOHRU]
Miss Kobayashi!
[KOBAYASHI growls]
What did I tell you
about random hug attacks?!
Hi!
Get out!
[TOHRU]
Uh...?
Ugh...
That was so close.
I'd forgotten how clingy she is.
[toilet flushes]
[KOBAYASHI sighs]
Thank goodness...
It's finally gotten smaller.
I figured Ilulu's powers
had been weakened during
her battle with Tohru.
[KOBAYASHI] Trying to remember
the factions from Tohru's world.
Ilulu's from the chaos
faction, too, I think.
They hate humans and
they raise their children
with the same principles.
Ilulu grew up that way.
It's the only truth she knows.
[KOBAYASHI] She can't help
the way she thinks.
[TOHRU gasps]
Good evening, Miss Kobayashi!
--Huh?
--Kanna's already asleep.
Whaddaya say?
How 'bout a night cap?
[KOBAYASHI chuckles]
Ah! Good stuff.
Yep.
[KOBAYASHI] That's it. I'm done
overthinking my anatomy today.
[KOBAYASHI grunts] What the--?!
I recognize this feeling...
The love potion?!
--[TOHRU chuckles]
--[KOBAYASHI groans]
You thought I wouldn't
notice it, didn't you?
I know your scent very well.
--You have boy parts!
--Ah!
This is Ilulu's work, isn't it?
--Eh?!
--I'm sorry, Miss Kobayashi!
I'll get you back
to normal soon!
But not just yet.
I'm not gonna throw
away this opportunity!
Our hearts have
become intimate--
Now we can add our bodies!
[giggles]
Come on, Miss Kobayashi,
I'm ready to receive you now!
Wait, are you
completely turned off?!
Where's your maid outfit?
You took it off?
[TOHRU]
Ah?
Tohru, I'm going to tell you
why maids are great.
But with my man brain.
[TOHRU wails]
--[toilet flushes]
--[KOBAYASHI] Finally...
[KOBAYASHI]
Now that that's over...
What will you try
to do next, Ilulu?
Very good job.
It's displayed nicely, Miss.
[SAIKAWA] Hmm... Something's
still not right about it.
[SAIKAWA]
There we go!
So wonderful!
[ILULU panting]
Slow down. Stop running.
[ILULU panting, grunts]
You followed me here,
you harmony bastard?
[CREMENE]
I am Cremene. A dragon slayer.
Please give my name to the judge
in the underworld after you die.
I want all the credit.
[ILULU gasps]
Where is she?
[KOBAYASHI]
Ilulu always seems to appear
when I'm alone after work.
Maybe she'll show up
if I wait here?
[KOBAYASHI]
But why would I do that?
I might be focusing on
Ilulu a little too much.
I wonder if it's because I feel
like we could get along somehow?
[KOBAYASHI] All the dragons
I've met from other worlds
have been friendly,
so it makes sense.
They all have this air of having
survived conflict with humans
ending in tragic results.
Yet they remain tolerant
of people in general.
They understand
we're not all like that.
They're willing to believe
there is more to us
than trouble we cause.
And that's how
I feel about Tohru, too.
Which is why it's important
for her to reconcile with Ilulu.
Keep the peace.
Of course she's not showing up.
[KOBAYASHI]
Maybe she went over here
where there's less foot traffic?
[KOBAYASHI gasps]
Ilulu?!
Are you injured?
[CREMENE]
Hmm. You've seen us, have you?
Greetings, human of this world,
I've come here to destroy
that vile beast before you
from the chaos faction.
You must leave
this place immediately.
And forget everything you
witnessed here tonight.
Who is this jerk?
You came all the way
here to kill Ilulu?
So you're a grown adult here
trying to kill a child?
[CREMENE]
I am.
That creature is pure chaos.
An evil dragon that will
bring harm to humans.
Well, if that's
the case, then...
Uh?
[shrill alarm blares]
[KOBAYASHI]
Hah!
--[shrill blaring continues]
--[grunts]
That is a most unpleasant sound.
Hey! Keep it down out there!
[KOBAYASHI] All right!
Security Buzzer Power!
How much do you weigh?!
[blaring]
It seems they've escaped.
What's that human thinking?
[ILULU groans softly]
Hi. Can you see my face?
[ILULU groans]
[gasps]
How are you feeling?
It looks like your wound healed
up freakishly fast at least.
Why did you save me?
[KOBAYASHI] Hard to tell
if the coast is clear.
I bet that creeper's
still after you, huh?
[ILULU]
I don't know.
[KOBAYASHI]
Hmm?
I shouldn't avoid battles.
If I die, that means
it was my fate.
If that's the case,
then me wanting to save you
would also be your fate.
[ILULU grunts]
[sighs]
[KOBAYASHI] Hey, Ilulu?
Is there something else
you want to tell me? You seem
to have this constant 'tude
and it's making me
a little concerned.
I told you.
I can't accept dragons
coexisting with humans.
It's not possible for them
to ever get along.
[KOBAYASHI]
Oh yeah, I remember that kinda.
[ILULU] Because if they can
get along, then that means...
That means I wasted so many
years believing the lies!
[ILULU whimpers]
[DRAGON 202C]
Dragons are superior,
so to associate with
humans is shameful.
[ILULU]
I just...
[DRAGON 202D] They caused
all kinds of tragedies.
Harmony is now impossible.
[ILULU]
But I...
[DRAGON 202C]
Humans are our enemy!
[ILULU]
It's not fair! I just want...
...so badly...
[ILULU]
One more time!
Please just let me
play with them again...!
[ILULU]
But they wouldn't let me.
That girl and that boy
did nothing bad to us and yet...
[sobbing]
[KOBAYASHI]
I'm so sorry...
Then listen...
[ILULU gasps]
[KOBAYASHI] Why don't we
all play together next time?
[KOBAYASHI] We do all kinds
of things you might like.
We play dodgeball,
go to Comiket,
go to hot springs--
lots of stuff.
But... you'll have to chill out
on the kind of play
that turns into battles.
[ILULU] You...
You're trying to trick me!
You're saying all these
nice things to me to try
and win me over!
[KOBAYASHI]
Yeah, I guess I am.
You caught me trying to tame
a fierce, evil, chaos dragon
with kindness and friendship
so that I might
render her harmless.
[ILULU]
Huh...?
[KOBAYASHI] You can still
believe what you've been taught,
or would you like
to be tricked by me?
[ILULU grunts]
[grunts]
[whimpers]
[KOBAYASHI]
Hmm?
--I want--
--[CREMENE] That's enough.
[ILULU, KOBAYASHI gasps]
I can't believe you and that
human were working together.
I'll exterminate you both!
[KOBAYASHI] Can you do that?
Don't you have rules, too?
[CREMENE] Hah! Those rules
only exist on paper.
And they only apply to dragons.
So if you think it's safe
for you to corrupt
our species, try it!
[KOBAYASHI] This guy's
making Tohru's father
seem like a baby garden gecko.
But...
[CREMENE]
Hmm?
[KOBAYASHI]
Humans can be so much worse!
[ILULU gasps]
A human who's trying
to protect a dragon?
--[CREMENE growls]
--[KOBAYASHI grunts]
[gasps]
Kobayashi! Ah...!
--[KOBAYASHI] Ow!
--[chuckles]
[CREMENE gasps]
Okay, that one hurt, for real...
--[gasps]
--Well, look who's late.
[CREMENE whimpers]
[TOHRU growls]
[CREMENE gasps]
[TOHRU snarls]
[CREMENE]
Ah!
[ILULU gasps]
Impossible!
How did you get here?!
You dare hurt Miss Kobayashi?!
I... I'm not threatened by you.
I have reinforcements
waiting to be summoned!
Lady Elma will
be here any se--
Choose your words wisely,
you coward.
Maybe if you beg,
I'll let you keep your soul
after I crush you.
Go ahead, beg for
your worthless life!
--[CREMENE rasping]
--[bones creaking]
--[ILULU] Uh.
--Ugh...
[bones crack]
Um. Did I witness murder?
[TOHRU] No, I just erased
his memories of this world
and then sent him back
from whence he came.
But not before
I punished him, of course.
Of course.
[KOBAYASHI] Thank goodness.
Now Ilulu can chill.
[KOBAYASHI] Oh, gross.
Now that we're okay,
I'm feeling... Ah!
[TOHRU]
Ah! Miss Kobayashi?!
Don't worry, I'll help you out.
[slurps]
Dragon saliva can
stop bleeding instantly!
You're just making up
excuses to lick her!
[TOHRU]
Are you ready, Miss Kobayashi?!
Lickity, lick-lick-
lick-lick-lick-lick!
[ILULU]
Your tongue is obscenely long!
[KOBAYASHI] A functional
member of society is someone
who diligently obeys the rules
and prioritizes their business
over their private life.
I always believed
that's how it was.
[KOBAYASHI] I was taught
that my purpose in life
is to fill my role as
a functional member of society.
Then, the next thing I knew,
I no longer had
any friends in my private life.
[KOBAYASHI] And that's when I
met Tohru and when she managed
to change me for the better.
I wonder if maybe I was
seeing my old self in Ilulu.
[KOBAYASHI gasps]
Miss Kobayashi?
You're finally awake!
Everything'll be okay.
Tohru...? Hey there, Kanna.
Are we in our home?
We are!
I brought you back here
and healed your wounds, too!
[KOBAYASHI]
Where did Ilulu go?
[TOHRU groans]
She's right there.
[KOBAYASHI gasps]
[ILULU whimpering]
I tried to send her off, but she
wouldn't leave your side!
I'm glad she finally sees what
we figured out ages ago,
but it's just a little too late!
[ILULU]
Kobayashi!
Wah!
[ILULU sobs]
Will you please trick me...?
[KOBAYASHI chuckles]
--Sure. I'd love to.
--[TOHRU growling]
[TOHRU whimpering]
[ANNOUNCER 202A]
Good morning!
El Niño Miki is here to bring
you today's national weather.
[KOBAYASHI]
What do we do about that tail?
I guess those claws
don't retract.
Is it possible to make
her chest more family-friendly?
I mean, come on.
Believe it or not, Ilulu is
already pushing herself
to maintain a modest size.
If she wasn't,
I'm not so sure she'd be able
to fit through the door.
Oh, I bet she could hide her
claws and tail somewhere
if she tried.
Wait! Since when can't
she control body parts?!
All I need is about 5% of that!
[ILULU]
Kobayashi, Kobayashi.
Hey, What's up?
This is where we
eliminate waste, right?
How does it work?
Uh. We're doing this?
Yep. Hop on up there.
And that's basically it.
[ILULU]
I got it!
I guess we'll have to
teach her all kinds of things.
If only I had a talented maid
to help me in times like these.
I'd probably see them
in a whole new light.
[TOHRU]
Hmm.
I'm sorry about this.
I promise it'll just be
while I'm at work.
Don't be silly! It's fine!
It's what you do for
someone when you have
a special eternal
bond with them!
I'm not feeling ready
to use the word "eternal."
[TOHRU]
Okay, bye!
[TV 202B] Have you been
pumping those muscles, fam?
When you stop working out,
they start to shrink...
[TOHRU]
It's weird.
[ILULU groans]
[TOHRU] We were trying to
kill each other just days ago.
[ILULU] There's no way Tohru
would ever forgive a traitor.
I know she's planning
to eliminate me.
But I want to spend
more time with Kobayashi.
And I'm not going
down without a fight.
There's no fighting.
[BOTH gasp]
[sigh]
[TOHRU]
Here. This is the manual I wrote
about how to live
your life as a human.
Rule number A:
change your claws into hands.
[ILULU]
Hmm? Hmm.
Ah! Ah...
[chuckles]
How is it funny to fail at
the one task you were given.
Do you suck at everything
or just making hands?
I can't transform them well.
But I can still read.
[TOHRU] At least you can hold
some stuff with those things.
It's a ball of tiny hands! Look!
[TOHRU]
Ew! Gross!
[ILULU] "Greetings. Humans
establish communication
with greetings.
For now, just repeat whatever
greeting one says to you."
"Food. Humans will
mostly eat anything,
but they stubbornly
won't eat dragon meat.
Currently seeking ways
to get them to change this."
"Mating. I want to do it"?
Everything in here is biased!
It is the whole truth
and nothing but.
[ILULU] "Clothing. Wearing
clothing similar to what
other humans wear will
keep you from standing out."
[ILULU] Hmm? Doesn't look like
you're trying to blend in.
What?!
[ILULU]
But whatever you say.
I can wear human clothes
if we're supposed to.
We don't have your size here.
What about Kanna's stuff?
[TOHRU]
She's even smaller!
Look, it fits!
[sighs]
See, what did I tell you?
Quit making things complicated
and transform your scales
the way I do!
I don't have the skills
to do it, okay?
Sad for you. But I can
lend you something of mine.
So what do you plan
to contribute here?
I haven't thought about it.
Well, what are you good at?
There has to be
something, right?
Yeah, I'm sure there is.
I'm thinking...
Are you though?
[ILULU]
Mm-hmm.
Well, you are welcome
to stay in our home as long
as you would like until
you make a decision.
[ILULU] Can you say it
without twitching?
I know this may
come as a surprise to you,
Mushroom Mitts, but I am
not particularly thrilled
to have you here
as a house guest!
[ILULU]
Not surprised at all.
[TOHRU]
Think about that humiliating
grand entrance you made!
We thought you were some
crazy bloodthirsty berserker.
[ILULU] Whatever. I was
bored and fighting you
seemed like fun. Are you trying
to say that's what I look like?!
All I know is you
better figure out
what you want your job to be.
There's a saying that goes,
those who don't work, don't eat.
What about Kanna?
[TOHRU]
Kanna can't work.
She's an elementary
school student.
Okay, then fine. I'll be an
elementary school student, too!
You have to be a child
to go to school, dummy.
And I'm guessing you're about
the same age as me, aren't you?
Maybe...
[groans]
[TOHRU chuckles]
[TOHRU]
Hurry up and make a choice.
[KOBAYASHI]
I'm back!
[TOHRU]
Welcome home!
What's going on with Ilulu?
She's thinking about how she
wants to contribute around here.
[KOBAYASHI]
Hmm...
[ILULU]
Mm. Mm?
Whatever you choose
will be great.
[ILULU]
Mm...
What's wrong?
I figured out what I want
to do while I'm here.
Okay, cool! What is it?
I want to make babies with you.
--Huh?!
--[gasps]
You see, I thought about it
and I'm at the perfect age
to reproduce and raise
healthy children.
I'm very lonely from not
having a family and I think
you're the one to rescue me.
Kobayashi, I want you
to mate with me!
You what?!
I don't know what you're
trying to pull, ma'am,
but you've crossed
over the line and back!
Also, we're both female.
I can give your thing back.
Don't you dare unless
you want her to use it on me!
--[snarls]
--Perverts.
--Yup.
--[TOHRU] I mean it!
[KOBAYASHI] I'm not trying
to hold on to my purity,
but I'm also not trying
to get with dragons.
[KANNA]
Whoa...
Surprise! I thought
you might like it.
[giggles]
[TOHRU groans]
[KOBAYASHI] Where are you
going to sleep, Ilulu?
We don't have space
for another bed.
[ILULU]
What about in here?
--[KOBAYASHI] The closet?
--[ILULU] It's calming.
[KOBAYASHI] I mean,
if you're okay with it, sure.
[ILULU]
Yeah. I like it.
[CAST]
This week on, "Who's Rotten?"
[TOHRU]
Cancer!